OSECZ Logo
==========
This project contains a script that generates the project logo images.


Contents
--------
* [Development Environment](#development-environment)
* [Generate Logo](#generator-logo)
* [Script Usage](#script-usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Copyright](#copyright)


Development Environment
-----------------------
Python3 and Inkscape are required to generate the logos. On Linux, enter
the following commands to install these tools.

    apt-get install make python3 inkscape

On Mac, enter the following commands.

    brew install python3
    brew cask install xquartz inkscape


Generate Logo
-------------
To generate the logo image files, enter the following command:

    make logo

The above command invokes the Python script `logo.py` and generates the
logo as SVG images. Then it invokes `inkscape` to convert the SVGs to
PNGs.

The output image files are written to the `out` directory.


Script Usage
------------
The script is a really simple Python script that accepts three arguments.

  - R: Radius of the red circle.
  - W: Width of each circle.
  - M: Additional space around the red circle.

The inner circle of the red band has a radius of R - W/2 and the outer
circle of the red band has a radius of R + W/2. In other words, the red
circle that is drawn is equivalent to drawing a red circle in the
following manner: First draw a red circle of radius R. Then make this
circle equally thick on both sides (inner as well as outer side) such
that the difference between the outer radius and the inner radius of
this circle is W. The final image is of size R + W/2 + M with a
transparent background.


License
-------
This is free and open source software. You can use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of it,
under the terms of the MIT License. See [LICENSE.md][L] for details.

This software is provided "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
express or implied. See [LICENSE.md][L] for details.

This license is applicable only to the source code in this project.
This license is not applicable to the image files generated by this
project.

[L]: LICENSE.md


Copyright
---------
Copyright (c) 2017-2018 OSECZ.org  
All Rights Reserved.

This copyright notice applies to all images generated by this project.
